[Music]
what happened last summer nobody
deserves a vacation more than Julie
James we have arrived and paradise and
here miles from civilization weekend
she's finally gotten away from it all
[Music]
he did something to the screen I said
what are you talking about
but she can never escape her past
because there are some secrets sir there
was a body in there I am NOT going crazy
to keep here oh oh there are some fears
until you see the dead bodies out there
two summers ago we hit Ben Willis with
our car and then we threw his body in
the water he's not telling me the whole
story I'm the best friend that will
haunt her forever
[Applause]
[Music]
again